Hi everybody and welcome back and this lecture we're going to be talking about Payton's replace method.
So what does he actually does not do.
Well it replaces a piece of a string with an earpiece so you can replace one word with another word
and we'll look at that.
Now in a moment.
But first let me put this in some context for you in a real world example.
We previously looked at the find method and what I did was find the position of a word within a string.
So we had find a book and it told us that book started imposition 15 to what we could do is think of
any word processing program you've ever used.
There is always a Find and Replace function.
So you could find a word and then replace the word.
And this is exactly how it's done.
So we previously saw how to find.
Now we're going to see how to replace.
So let's have a look at our Iran strength and what we're going to do here now is we're going to start
off again with a variable.
I'm going to call my book equals.
And as always we start off with opening and closing double quotes and what we do here is we have my
favorite
book is a single quote because we want to give it emphasis and let's just say we spell this Ilan what
a type of instead of Ilan we put Elon Musk.
Easily done.
So there's a string of what we want to do is replace.
So we're using the pipe and replace method.
Opening and closing brackets and we first put in the piece of the string.
We want to replace two as previously we start with opening closing single quotes and we have Thielen
then we have a comma to separate out our two pieces of information.
Opening close and single quotes.
And we put in what we want to replace it with.
So we want to replace Eelam with Ilan and again go back to thinking about a word processor.
You've made a typo and you've written a paper on the book.
Elon Musk and all that paper you've misspelled Ilan for Ilan and you've done that 300 times.
Now you get to find a Replace function within your word processor and this is how this is exactly how
it works in the background.
So let's run that and see what we get.
And there we have it in the bottom left hand corner.
Instead of getting my favorite book is Elon Musk We have my favorite book is Elon Musk.
So it works perfectly.
And that really is a very very helpful function if you're developing any kind of word processing email
or any user input program because it's always going to be errors.
Windows users involved so very easily we're able to replace our misspelt word with our correct word
and nice little feature to keep on your list.
So that's it for the replacement.
I hope that made sense.
If not please don't hesitate to ask me any questions in the Q and A section.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.